Hello.
My name is Kenzo and in this video you
will acquire English naturally by
watching, listening and following along
as I play Minecraft hardcore. So far
we've survived 47 days and it's night
time so I'm going to sleep. [music]
It's morning.
In the last video I got this happy
ghast.
>> [snorts]
>> And in this video [music]
oop
there's a zombie.
And in this video I want to build a barn
and collect some animals. So far I've
got some chickens in the house. And
I've got some sheep, some yellow sheep
in this hole.
Uh-oh. Die. Die. My cherry grove trees
have grown.
Lots of monsters. Die. Die.
I need my shield again. Oh no.
There are lots of zombie villagers
around here. I want to build the barn
right here next to my house. So I'm
going to start by getting my shovel
and digging up all of this dirt so it's
flat.
Let's dig.
I need a diamond shovel.
A diamond shovel would be much faster.
Whoa, my shovel broke.
Let's build a diamond shovel. How many
diamonds do we have? We have five
diamonds. Let's use one of them to build
a diamond shovel.
Ooh, and I'll also enchant it. So let's
get one piece
of lapis lazuli. Let's build some sticks
and with the sticks
and one diamond let's build a diamond
shovel.
And now let's enchant it.
Let's put the diamond shovel in the
enchanting table
along with the lapis lazuli.
And let's get
Oh.
I need two lapis lazuli. Let's get one
more.
There we go. Now we have two lapis
lazuli.
So
we can get this level two
level two enchantment. Let's do it.
Efficiency two.
All right. Let's use this enchanted
shovel to dig up this dirt.
Much faster.
Almost done.
And there we go. I dug up all of the
dirt and now it's flat.
So we'll build the barn right here.
There's lots of space for the animals.
I'm going to need some fences. Here I
have 48 bamboo fences. Let's take these
and let's build the barn out of bamboo.
Let's take this bamboo.
Let's make some bamboo planks.
I'm going to fill in this hole with dirt
and take these flowers
and I'll break this grass.
There we go. I've cleared out the area.
Now let's get our blocks of bamboo.
I'm going to go up three blocks here.
One, two, three. And I'll go up three
blocks right here. One, two, three.
These will be the corners.
Right here we'll go up three blocks.
One, two, three. And our final corner
will be right here. One, two, three.
I'm also going to place some blocks of
bamboo here in the middle.
Let's place two more.
One, two.
And some on this side.
Right here. One, two, three.
Okay. And the sun's going down so let's
go to sleep. Close the door and let's go
to sleep. Ooh. Our baby chickens have
grown and look at all of these eggs.
One, two, three, four. There are four
eggs here.
Let's pick them up.
Now we've got 12 eggs. 12 eggs total.
Let's get some more seeds.
And let's breed more chickens.
More baby chickens. I'm going to build
some of these bamboo stairs for the
roof. Up here I'll place some bamboo
planks.
And now I'll get the stairs
and I'll place the stairs up there
like this.
One, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four, five. Okay, this
block is in the middle.
I'm going to place more bamboo here in
the middle.
Now I'm going to get some fences.
And let's start placing some fences.
Ooh, I ran out of fences. I need to
build some more fences.
All right, I built more fences.
Let's continue placing fences.
And let's place some here.
There we go. And I'm going to break
these fences on the corners.
And I'll replace them with blocks of
bamboo.
Let's get some torches and let's place
some torches.
There we go. I placed torches all around
the barn and I think I want to plant
some bamboo on the roof of the barn. So
I'm going to get some dirt
and I'll place dirt up on the roof.
Dirt.
All right, I finished placing dirt up on
the roof. The sun's going down so again
I'm going back home
to go to sleep. Okay, our barn is almost
finished. Let's see. I'll need space for
chickens,
cows,
pigs,
sheep.
Anything else? Chickens, pigs, cows,
I think that's it. So we need four
different areas.
I'll place some fences here
and some fences here.
Now we have space for chickens,
cows, sheep and pigs.
Now let's build some fence gates.
I built four
fence gates. I'll break these fences.
One,
two,
three,
four.
And I'll replace them with the fence
gates.
Like this.
There we go. Now we can go in and out.
And I'll place a torch [clears throat]
here and a torch here.
Okay, this barn is ready for animals.
Let's start with our yellow sheep. Let's
get our wheat.
Okay, I'll break this dirt.
Come on sheep.
Come on.
Follow me.
Let's put our sheep in here. Let's open
the gate. Let's open the gate.
Come on sheep.
And the sheep are coming in.
There we go. We got three sheep in here.
One more.
There we go. We got all of the sheep in
here and let's quickly close the gate. I
closed the gate so they're trapped in
here.
And now we can breed more sheep.
More yellow sheep.
And let's shear these sheep.
We're going to collect a lot
of yellow wool. Okay, now let's get our
chickens that are inside the house.
Let's open the door. Come on chickens.
This way.
I have a lot of chickens. Let's put the
chickens in here. Open.
And there we go.
There we go. We got all of the chickens
in here. Now let's breed more chickens
with our seeds.
More baby chickens. There we go. Lots of
baby chickens. Now we have sheep and
chickens here in the barn.
Let's go search for cows and pigs.
Ooh.
But it looks like the sun is going down
so first let's go to sleep.
Sleep.
And it's morning.
Day 51.
Let's go search for some cows and pigs.
Oh, here are some cows.
We found some cows. I'll get my wheat.
Cows love wheat.
Now the cows are following me.
Let's go back to the house.
And the cows will go in here. Open.
Come on, cows.
Let's close the gate and let's breed
these cows.
There you go. And they're kissing.
And a baby cow. A baby cow. Now
we just need some pigs
for here.
Let's go search for some pigs.
Oh, that's a sheep.
We don't need more sheep.
We need pigs.
Oh, another sheep. Let's shear this
white sheep.
White wool. Another white sheep.
More white wool.
Oh, it's raining again.
Here's a pig.
Pigs love
carrots.
Oh, two pigs.
Now these pigs are following me because
I have a carrot.
Now let's go back home.
There's my house.
We're getting closer.
Come on, pigs. Whoa.
Another pig.
There are two different kinds of pigs
here.
This pig
is a jungle pig. A jungle pig.
Okay, here we're going to have to swim
across
the water.
Let's go, pigs.
This is going to take a while.
The pigs
are really slow
swimmers.
Come on, pigs.
Almost there.
Come on.
Yes. Let's go.
This way.
And the pigs will go in here. Open.
Come on, pigs.
Come on.
One.
We got one pig in here.
In here. There we go.
We got all three pigs in here. Now we've
got cows,
sheep,
chickens, and pigs.
It's night time. Let's go to sleep. And
I'm going to end this episode right
here.
If you're enjoying these videos, you
could make a donation on my Ko-fi page
by clicking up here.
Like and subscribe and I will see you in
the next video. See you.
>> [music]
[music]